Multiple paths may use the same 4 tuple. (#400)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

  * PMTU discovery should be performed per-path
  * The use of this multipath extension requires the use of non-zero
length connection IDs in both directions.
  * Connection IDs are associated with a path ID. The path initiation
associates that path ID with a 4-tuple of source and destination IP
address as well as source and destination port.
  * Migration is detected without ambiguity
when a packet arrives with a connection ID
pointing to an existing path ID, but the connection ID and/or the
4-tuple are different from the value associated with that path
(see {{migration}}).
  * Paths can be closed at any time, as specified in {{path-close}}.

>   * It is not impossible to create multiple paths sharing the same 4-tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * It is possible to create multiple paths sharing the same 4-tuple.
```

in the issuing of Path IDs through their connection ID advertisements as path initiation
requires available connection IDs for the same Path ID on both sides. For instance,
if the maximum Path ID limit is 2 and the endpoint wants to provide connection IDs

> for only one Path ID inside range (1, 2), it should select Path ID 1 (and not Path

Reviewer 2: The original

Author: The problem is kramdown. The angle brackets are confused with a library reference, and we cannot compile the text. It might be possible to escape kramdown by using something like "\[1, 2\]", but I have not tried that.

Author: Tried it now, it seems to work.

ID without any change in the address does not indicate a path change and
the endpoint can keep the same congestion control and RTT measurement state.

While endpoints send a packet on a specific path with the associated

> 4-tuple, networks events such as NAT rebinding may make the packet's receiver

Reviewer: I proposed to remove this text in PR #389 as there is nothing special here anymore. It just describing RFC9000 behavior.

Author: Yes, we may have a merge conflict with PR #389. But if we delete it now, we will have a different conflict. What do you suggest? Keep the old text for now, knowing that it will be removed?

Author: OK, reverting that particular change to avoid a merge conflict with #389.
